docs/oplink-docs/content/3.workflows/6-debugging-and-caching.md, before:

---
title: Debugging & Caching
description: Inspect tool catalogs, refresh caches, and fix common startup errors
---

Discovery cache

- Oplink caches external tool catalogs for ~5 minutes by default.
- Force refresh: `describe_tools({ "workflow": "name", "refresh": true })` or call `external_auth_setup({ "refresh": true })`.

Inspect an alias (mcporter CLI)

```bash
npx mcporter list <alias> --config examples/linear-discord-demo/.mcp-workflows
```

Common errors

- Missing env placeholder
  - Symptom: `Missing environment variable 'X' referenced by server 'alias' in servers.json`
  - Fix: export `X` (or remove the `${X}` entry if optional)

- Connection closed on startup
  - Symptom: `MCP error -32000: Connection closed`
  - Fix: the child process failed to start (wrong command/package); verify the `command` and `args` for that alias

- OAuth didn’t open
  - Fix: trigger discovery: `describe_tools({ "workflow": "name" })` or run `external_auth_setup()`

Reset tokens (Linear example)

```bash
rm -rf .mcp-workflows/.tokens/linear
```

See also

- [External Servers & Registry](./4-external-servers)
- Advanced: [mcporter](/5.advanced/mcporter)

Commit message:

feat: update dependencies, enhance environment variable handling, and improve error messaging in workflows

docs/oplink-docs/content/3.workflows/6-debugging-and-caching.md, after:

---
title: Debugging & Caching
description: Inspect tool catalogs, refresh caches, and fix common startup errors
---

Discovery cache

- Oplink caches external tool catalogs for ~5 minutes by default.
- Force refresh: `describe_tools({ "workflow": "name", "refresh": true })` or call `external_auth_setup({ "refresh": true })`.

Inspect an alias (mcporter CLI)

```bash
npx mcporter list <alias> --config examples/linear-discord-demo/.mcp-workflows
```

Common errors

- Missing env placeholder
  - Symptom: `Missing environment variable 'X' referenced by server 'alias' in servers.json`
  - Fix: place `.env` inside the `--config` directory so Oplink auto‑loads it (or export `X` before start); remove `${X}` if optional.

- Atlassian Jira search failing
  - Symptom: `Error calling tool 'search'`
  - Fix: for Server/Data Center, use `JIRA_PERSONAL_TOKEN` (and `CONFLUENCE_PERSONAL_TOKEN`) instead of Cloud `JIRA_API_TOKEN`; update `servers.json` to pass `-e JIRA_PERSONAL_TOKEN`/`-e JIRA_SSL_VERIFY` to Docker.

- Unknown tool name
  - Symptom: `Server 'alias' does not expose tool 'X'`
  - Fix: Oplink prints "Did you mean: …" suggestions; or run `describe_tools({ refresh: true })` to see the live catalog.

- Connection closed on startup
  - Symptom: `MCP error -32000: Connection closed`
  - Fix: the child process failed to start (wrong command/package); verify the `command` and `args` for that alias

- OAuth didn’t open
  - Fix: trigger discovery: `describe_tools({ "workflow": "name" })` or run `external_auth_setup()`

Reset tokens (Linear example)

```bash
rm -rf .mcp-workflows/.tokens/linear
```

See also

- [External Servers & Registry](./4-external-servers)
- Advanced: [mcporter](/5.advanced/mcporter)
