docs/oplink-docs/content/1.getting-started/1.index.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Intro to the OPLINK docs
navigation.icon: i-lucide-house
---

Welcome to **OPLINK**, an MCP server for workflows. It sits between your IDE and multiple MCP servers, reads simple YAML workflow definitions, and exposes them as a single, well‑structured tool surface in your editor.

Model Context Protocol (MCP) lets AI agents call tools directly from your editor. But as soon as you add more than one MCP server, things get messy:

- Each server has its own tools, names, and auth quirks.
- Prompts and workflows end up copy‑pasted into different projects.
- There’s no single place to version and share “how we actually debug, triage, or investigate things.”

OPLINK fixes this by acting as the **workflow hub**:

- You declare workflows in `.mcp-workflows/workflows.yaml`.
- Oplink runs as an MCP server (`oplink server --config ./.mcp-workflows`).
- Your IDE/agent sees one MCP endpoint with curated tools (your workflows), not a pile of raw servers.

## Key Features

::card-group

::card
---
title: Workflow Orchestration
icon: i-lucide-git-branch
---
Combine multiple MCP servers and prompts into powerful, reusable workflows
::

::card
---
title: Custom Commands
icon: i-lucide-terminal
---
Trigger workflows with intuitive commands like "enter debugger mode" or "use thinking mode"
::

::card
---
title: Version Control
icon: i-lucide-git-merge
---
Share and version control your workflows through simple YAML files
::

::card
---
title: Smart Strategies
icon: i-lucide-brain
---
Define custom strategies for using tools sequentially or situationally
::

::card
---
title: Team Onboarding
icon: i-lucide-users
---
Easily onboard your team to best practices with versioned workflow configurations
::

::card
---
title: Examples Library
icon: i-lucide-library
---
Curated example workflows for common development tasks
::

::

## Why OPLINK?

OPLINK was born from the realization that “just add more MCP servers” doesn’t scale on its own. The valuable part is **how** you sequence and combine those tools for real tasks: debugging, incident response, doc lookup, triage, migrations, etc.

By putting workflows in one MCP server, OPLINK helps you:

- Standardize development practices with named workflows (`frontend_debugger`, `deepwiki_lookup`, etc.)
- Reduce cognitive load when switching between tasks (agents and humans see a small, meaningful surface)
- Make AI tools more accessible and practical for your team
- Improve collaboration and knowledge sharing through versioned configs
- Accelerate development cycles with reusable, reviewed flows

Whether you're a solo developer or part of a large team, OPLINK turns your MCP ecosystem into a coherent, versioned set of workflows instead of a bag of individual servers.

## Thanks

Special thanks to:

- [Peter Steinberger](https://github.com/steipete) for bringing in and maintaining [mcporter](https://github.com/steipete/mcporter), which powers Oplink’s external MCP discovery and transport.
- [Ted Werbel](https://github.com/tedjames) for valuable feedback and contributions around developer ergonomics and workflows.

Commit message:

docs: align landing pages with MCP server positioning

docs/oplink-docs/content/1.getting-started/1.index.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Intro to the OPLINK docs
navigation.icon: i-lucide-house
---

Welcome to **OPLINK**, an MCP server for workflows. It sits between your IDE and multiple MCP servers, reads simple YAML workflow definitions, and exposes them as a single, well‑structured tool surface in your editor.

Model Context Protocol (MCP) lets AI agents call tools directly from your editor. But as soon as you add more than one MCP server, things get messy:

- Each server has its own tools, names, and auth quirks.
- Prompts and workflows end up copy‑pasted into different projects.
- There’s no single place to version and share “how we actually debug, triage, or investigate things.”

OPLINK fixes this by acting as the **workflow hub**:

- You declare workflows in `.mcp-workflows/workflows.yaml`.
- Oplink runs as an MCP server (`oplink server --config ./.mcp-workflows`).
- Your IDE/agent sees one MCP endpoint with curated tools (your workflows), not a pile of raw servers.

## Key Features

::card-group

::card
---
title: Workflow Orchestration
icon: i-lucide-git-branch
---
Combine multiple MCP servers and prompts into powerful, reusable workflows
::

::card
---
title: Custom Commands
icon: i-lucide-terminal
---
Trigger workflows with intuitive commands like "enter debugger mode" or "use thinking mode"
::

::card
---
title: Version Control
icon: i-lucide-git-merge
---
Share and version control your workflows through simple YAML files
::

::card
---
title: Smart Strategies
icon: i-lucide-brain
---
Define custom strategies for using tools sequentially or situationally
::

::card
---
title: Team Onboarding
icon: i-lucide-users
---
Easily onboard your team to best practices with versioned workflow configurations
::

::card
---
title: Examples Library
icon: i-lucide-library
---
Curated example workflows for common development tasks
::

::

## Why OPLINK?

OPLINK was born from the realization that “just add more MCP servers” doesn’t scale on its own. The valuable part is **how** you sequence and combine those tools for real tasks: debugging, incident response, doc lookup, triage, migrations, etc.

By putting workflows in one MCP server, OPLINK helps you:

- Standardize development practices with named workflows (`frontend_debugger`, `deepwiki_lookup`, etc.)
- Reduce cognitive load when switching between tasks (agents and humans see a small, meaningful surface)
- Make AI tools more accessible and practical for your team
- Improve collaboration and knowledge sharing through versioned configs
- Accelerate development cycles with reusable, reviewed flows

Whether you're a solo developer or part of a large team, OPLINK turns your MCP ecosystem into a coherent, versioned set of workflows instead of a bag of individual servers.

## Thanks

Special thanks to:

- [Peter Steinberger](https://github.com/steipete) for bringing in and maintaining [mcporter](https://github.com/steipete/mcporter), which powers Oplink’s external MCP discovery and transport.
- [Ted Werbel](https://github.com/tedjames) with which I've started this project originally in early 2025 as MCPN. It gave a base idea what oplink is today
