docs/arch.md, before:

# Oplink Architecture (Mermaid)

The diagram illustrates how a workflow runs end‑to‑end: an IDE (MCP client) invokes an Oplink workflow (prompt + schema), the Oplink tool orchestrator executes local/proxy tools, and mcporter bridges calls to external MCP servers (Chrome DevTools, shadcn, DeepWiki, etc.). Results stream back to Oplink, which aggregates and returns a response to the client.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  %% Groups
  subgraph IDE[Client]
    A[MCP Client]
  end

  subgraph O[Oplink MCP Server]
    O1[Tool Orchestrator]
    O2[Workflows YAML / workflows.yaml]
    O3[Server Registry / .mcp-workflows/servers.json]
  end

  subgraph M[mcporter Runtime]
    M1[mcporter runtime]
  end

  subgraph X[External MCP Servers]
    X1[chrome-devtools stdio]
    X2[shadcn stdio]
    X3[deepwiki http-or-stdio]
  end

  %% Invocation path
  A --> O1
  O1 --- O2
  O1 --- O3

  %% Startup discovery/registration
  O1 -.-> M1
  M1 -.-> X1
  M1 -.-> X2
  M1 -.-> X3

  %% Execution path
  O1 --> M1
  M1 --> X1
  X1 --> M1
  M1 --> O1
  O1 --> A

  %% Notes
  classDef note fill:#f6f8fa,stroke:#d0d7de,color:#24292f;
  N1[Only workflow tools are exposed to the MCP client; helper tools stay internal.]:::note
  N2[mcporter handles discovery, auth, stdio/http transport, retries, and connection reuse.]:::note
  O1 --- N1
  M1 --- N2
```

## Execution Steps

1. The MCP client invokes an Oplink workflow with parameters.
2. Oplink loads workflow definitions and the external server registry in the selected `--config` directory.
3. At startup, Oplink validates the scripted steps and loads the required external tool schemas via mcporter.
4. When the prompt calls a tool, Oplink forwards the request to mcporter.
5. mcporter launches/connects to the external MCP server and executes the tool.
6. Results stream back to Oplink, which aggregates them and returns the final response to the MCP client.

Commit message:

feat: enhance Oplink configuration with new commands, update documentation, and refine workflow schema

docs/arch.md, after:

# Oplink Architecture (Mermaid)

The diagram illustrates how a workflow runs end‑to‑end: an IDE (MCP client) invokes an Oplink workflow (prompt + schema), the Oplink tool orchestrator executes local/proxy tools, and mcporter bridges calls to external MCP servers (Chrome DevTools, shadcn, DeepWiki, etc.). Results stream back to Oplink, which aggregates and returns a response to the client.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  %% Groups
  subgraph IDE[Client]
    A[MCP Client]
  end

  subgraph O[Oplink MCP Server]
    O1[Tool Orchestrator]
    O2[Workflows YAML / workflows.yaml]
    O3[Server Registry / .mcp-workflows/servers.json + .env]
  end

  subgraph M[mcporter Runtime]
    M1[mcporter runtime]
  end

  subgraph X[External MCP Servers]
    X1[chrome-devtools stdio]
    X2[shadcn stdio]
    X3[deepwiki http-or-stdio]
  end

  %% Invocation path
  A --> O1
  O1 --- O2
  O1 --- O3

  %% Startup discovery/registration
  O1 -.-> M1
  M1 -.-> X1
  M1 -.-> X2
  M1 -.-> X3

  %% Execution path
  O1 --> M1
  M1 --> X1
  X1 --> M1
  M1 --> O1
  O1 --> A

  %% Notes
  classDef note fill:#f6f8fa,stroke:#d0d7de,color:#24292f;
  N1[Only workflow tools are exposed to the MCP client; helper tools stay internal.]:::note
  N2[mcporter handles discovery, auth, stdio/http transport, retries, and connection reuse.]:::note
  N3[.env is auto‑loaded from the --config directory and passed to external servers, e.g., Docker -e.]:::note
  O1 --- N1
  M1 --- N2
  O3 --- N3
```

## Execution Steps

1. The MCP client invokes an Oplink workflow with parameters.
2. Oplink loads workflow definitions and the external server registry in the selected `--config` directory.
3. At startup, Oplink validates the scripted steps and loads the required external tool schemas via mcporter.
4. When the prompt calls a tool, Oplink forwards the request to mcporter.
5. mcporter launches/connects to the external MCP server and executes the tool.
6. Results stream back to Oplink, which aggregates them and returns the final response to the MCP client.

## Configuration & Environment

- Single source of truth: external MCP servers live in `.mcp-workflows/servers.json`. Place `.env` next to it; Oplink auto‑loads it when started with `--config <dir>`.
- IDEs (Cursor, Windsurf, etc.) should point only to the Oplink stdio server; do not duplicate external servers in IDE config.
- For Atlassian:
  - Cloud uses `JIRA_USERNAME` + `JIRA_API_TOKEN` (and Confluence equivalents).
  - Server/Data Center uses `JIRA_PERSONAL_TOKEN` (and `CONFLUENCE_PERSONAL_TOKEN`); set optional `*_SSL_VERIFY=false` for self‑signed certs.

## Workflow Shapes (Schema)

The schema defines three explicit shapes (runtime optional):
- Scripted: requires `steps`, disallows `externalServers`. Step keys: `call`, `args`, `saveAs`, `requires`, `quiet`.
- External: requires `externalServers` + `prompt`, disallows `steps`.
- Prompt‑only: requires `prompt`, disallows `steps` and `externalServers`.

This eliminates editor warnings and keeps authoring simple.

## Error Handling & Suggestions

- Unknown tool names include "Did you mean …" suggestions (uFuzzy) from the live catalog.
- External call errors include alias:tool context and step index (for scripted flows).

## Caching & Reproducibility (Planned)

- Discovery cache persists across runs; doctor/verify commands and a catalog lockfile ensure reproducible catalogs and fast startup at scale.
